
 Front page layout 
 Site theme 
 The developer behind indie title  Fortress Fallout  says that Bethesda Softworks parent company Zenimax Media has forced him to abandon the trademark for his game after allegations of infringement with the popular  Fallout  series. As Jordan Maron (aka YouTuber Captain Sparklez)  discusses in a recent video , Zenimax asked in a letter that Maron "immediately expressly abandon the application for  Fortress Fallout  and cease any and all current or proposed use of any mark incorporating the term  Fallout ." 
 Maron says his company, Xreal, has been forced to comply with the request due to a lack of resources. "Our lawyers said that Bethesda is a notoriously litigious company," Maron says in the video. "Obviously they have lots of money and resources at their disposal which me and my partner don't really have at the moment. So essentially we are being strong-armed into having to change our name, which is unfortunate because I personally don't feel there is any confusion between  Fortress Fallout  and the  Fallout  video game franchise." Bethesda and Zenimax did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
 We'd wager the average consumer would have little to no chance of confusing  Fortress Fallout  with Bethesda's popular post-apocalyptic RPG series, as Xreal's game is a free-to-play mobile title with 2D, tile-based graphics and multiplayer-focused strategy gameplay. Still, Xreal is now looking to rename the game, preferably to something that includes the word "Dungeon," according to Maron. 
  
 Last year,  Candy Crush Saga  maker King  drew controversy  for using its trademark on the word "candy" to remove other candy-themed games from mobile app stores (King later  filed to abandon that trademark ). King also went after Stoic Studios'  The Banner Saga  for potential trademark infringement before  settling amicably out of court . 
 Join the Ars Orbital Transmission mailing list to get weekly updates delivered to your inbox.  Sign me up →  