
 Caleb Landry Jones Playing Dracula in Upcoming Origin Story Movie from Luc Besson 
 ‘Blackout’: Trailer for Larry Fessenden’s Werewolf Movie Definitely Isn’t Hiding the Monster 
 God, I Love This Street: The Brilliance of Joe Dante’s ‘The Burbs’ at 35 
 ‘Cuckoo’- Hunter Schafer Reveals Bonkers New Plot Details for Upcoming Horror Movie 
 Christopher Nolan Says He’d Love to Make a Horror Movie… If He Finds “a Really Exceptional Idea” 
 “Evil” Season Four Teaser Trailer Brings More Demonic Mayhem and Cancellation News 
 Tubi Acquires Thriller Comedy Series “Dead Hot” for Premiere in the US &amp; Canada 
 “X-Men ’97” Trailer – 90s Animated Series Returns to Life in New Series from Marvel and Disney+ 
 Peacock Orders Limited Scripted Series “John Wayne Gacy: Devil in Disguise” 
 “Bewitched” Series Reboot in the Works from “The Boys” Writer 
 ‘No Way Up’ Review – Hybrid Shark Film Is More Like ‘Deep Blue Zzz’ 
 ‘Darkman’ 4K Review – Sam Raimi’s Horror-Superhero Movie Is Better Than Ever in 2024 
 ‘She’s Obsessed with My Husband’ Is a Perfect Lifetime Film [Review] 
 ‘Alice in Terrorland’ Review – ‘Alice in Wonderland’ Horror Movie Isn’t Great But It’s Better Than Expected 
 ‘The Truth About Jim’ Review – ‘Abducted in Plain Sight’ Director’s New True Crime Docuseries for Max 
 God, I Love This Street: The Brilliance of Joe Dante’s ‘The Burbs’ at 35 
 SCREAMBOX Hidden Gems: 5 Horror Movies to Stream This Week Including ‘My Grandpa Is a Vampire’ 
 ‘Grizzly Park’ – The Killer Bear Horror Comedy You’ve Probably Never Seen 
 Cocaine Dog: 30 Years of Canine Carnage in the Underrated ‘Man’s Best Friend’ 
 ‘The Backrooms’ and 6 Other Alternate Reality Games That Would Make for Scary Horror Movies 
 ‘Withering Rooms’ Will Release on PC and Consoles on April 2nd; PS5 Getting Physical Version on May 10 [Trailer] 
 Horror Wave-Based Shooter ‘Hellbreach: Vegas’ Enters Steam Early Access on March 11 [Trailer] 
 Behaviour Potentially Teasing New Killer For ‘Dead by Daylight’ in “Found Footage” Video? [Watch] 
 Horrorpunk Action Adventure Title ‘Morbid: The Lords of Ire’ Launches May 23 [Trailer] 
 Surreal Horror Adventure Title ‘Shines Over: The Damned’ Announced for Spring 2024 [Trailer] 
 ‘Withering Rooms’ Will Release on PC and Consoles on April 2nd; PS5 Getting Physical Version on May 10 [Trailer] 
 Horror Wave-Based Shooter ‘Hellbreach: Vegas’ Enters Steam Early Access on March 11 [Trailer] 
 ‘Alan Wake II’ Is Now Remedy’s Fastest-Selling Title With Over 1.3 Million Sold 
 Behaviour Potentially Teasing New Killer For ‘Dead by Daylight’ in “Found Footage” Video? [Watch] 
 Horrorpunk Action Adventure Title ‘Morbid: The Lords of Ire’ Launches May 23 [Trailer] 
 Published 
 on 
 By 
 On  November 15 , Machinima will bring audiences an all-new original animated series based on Jim Bonacci’s hit online video game  Happy Wheels . Produced by BMP Digital, the digital division of Bunim/Murray Productions (‘The Real World’, ‘Keeping Up With The Kardashians’), this nine-episode series expands upon the game that boasts more than 12 million players a month, over three billion “Let’s Play” video views, and more than five million user-generated levels as one of the top free play games in the App store over the two years. In featuring fan-favorites such as Wheelchair Guy, Irresponsible Dad and Lawnmower Man, the series will showcase the game’s notorious dark humor and penchant for blood and gore. 
 Fans of the game will have their first look at the animated series as Bloody Disgusting has unveiled the poster and official trailer. 
    
 Happy Wheels: The series drops November 15, only on  https://www.go90.com  
 Additionally, the voice talent for the digital series was announced. With millions of fans across the social landscape, the cast includes some of the most talented and recognizable voice actors and animators in the industry including: 
 o   CaptainSparklez, aka Jordan Maron, is a well-known YouTube personality specializing in  Minecraft  gameplay and themed music videos. (13.6M social followers) 
 o   Anna Brisbin, aka Brizzy Voices, is a popular online personality and voice over actress. Projects include: Machinima’s  FYI ,  Valet ,  Tenured , and  A Snow Globe Christmas .  (1.9M social followers) 
 o   Ryan McNulty (xRPMx13) is a well-known Minecrafter, playing  Minecraft Hunger Games  with CaptainSparklez, The BajanCandian and JeromeASF. His fans are good looking gamers and he is known as THE Incredibly Good Looking Gamer. (1.8M social followers) 
 o   Shanna Malcolm is an actress, and the well-known YouTube personality HeyYoShanna. Malcom has appeared in popular television series like  Glee  and  Shameless  and delivers hilariously unfiltered commentary on pop culture via her  Ghetto Gaming  series.   (1.2M social followers) 
 o   Best known for his YouTube series  The Nomad, Crafting with Noobs, and Only One Command,  Tyler Papas (LogDotZip) has one of the most popular  Minecrafters out there. (1.4M social followers) 
 o   Jerome Aceti (JeromeASF) is one of the most recognizable  Minecraft  players on YouTube. His disarming nature and goofiness has drawn a core audience of loyal followers, through a mix of collaborative gameplay videos and vlogs that document his real-life adventures. (6.6M social followers) 
 o   Ricky Hayberg is an actor, writer, producer and co-host of Machinima’s  ETC . (925K social followers) 
 o   Eliot Dewberry is an actor, writer and co-host of Machinima’s  ETC.  (925KM social followers) 
 o   Best known for his “Chocolate Rain’ viral video, Tay Zonday is a People’s Choice Award-Nominated, YouTube Award-Winning, Webby Award-Winning singer-songwriter, actor, voice talent, and brand spokesperson with more than 160 million video views on YouTube. (1.6M social followers) 
  Happy Wheels  will launch to a global audience on numerous platforms including  go90  (United States),  SkyQ  (U.K.),  AMC Iberia  (Spain and Portugal) and  Sohu  (China). 
  Happy Wheels  executive producers for BMP Digital are John P. Roberts and Gil Goldschein.  Kesila Childers is co-executive producer. 
  ABOUT HAPPY WHEELS: THE SERIES  
 Welcome to Happy Wheels, the most dangerous community on Earth. People are mangled everyday by traps, spikes, mines, cars, unsafe roads and hazards. But no one seems to notice. To reduce some of the carnage in town, five concerned citizens form a safety awareness committee but often fail with hilarious results. 
  ABOUT THE HAPPY WHEELS GAME  
 Launched during the summer of 2010,  Happy Wheels  is a side-scrolling, physics-based, obstacle course game with over a billion plays online. Players assume the role of an assortment of inadequately prepared racers and ignore severe consequences in a desperate search for victory. 
 Total app downloads: 14 million downloads 
   
   
 Horror movie fanatic who co-founded Bloody Disgusting in 2001. Producer on Southbound, V/H/S/2/3/94, SiREN, Under the Bed, and A Horrible Way to Die. Chicago-based. Horror, pizza and basketball connoisseur. Taco Bell daily. Franchise favs: Hellraiser, Child's Play, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Halloween, Scream and Friday the 13th. Horror 365 days a year. 
 Published 
 on 
 By 
 Because the fans demanded it,  Marvel Comics  is bringing  Hellverine  back to life with the character’s first ever solo series, Bloody Disgusting has exclusively learned this morning. 
 When a DEMONIC FORCE known as BAGRA-GHUL first came to earth, it brought LOGAN and GHOST RIDER together to hunt it before it possessed WOLVERINE. But now, in the present day, what event will put the Hellverine back on the streets… and is he slashing his hellfire claws for good or evil? And, introducing the ALL-NEW HELLFIRE WARRIORS! 
 Don’t miss the launch of the all-new series, brought to you by Hellverine co-creator  Benjamin Percy  ( WOLVERINE, GHOST RIDER ) and blazing hot talent  Julius Ohta  ( ALIEN, VENOM )! 
 Percy tells BD, “When the Hellverine appeared in the Ghost Rider/Wolverine crossover —   Weapons of Vengeance   — we lit a fire. A hellfire. Readers really responded to the killer concept of Logan with a flaming skull and flaming claws on a flaming motorcycle, which is as heavy metal as it gets. 
 “So, we’re giving them more sulfur-scented mayhem in this mini-series that will thrill and terrify.” 
   Hellverine  #1 (0f 4) will launch on May 29, 2024.  
 Check out  Ryan Stegman’s  epic cover art below! 
   
 Copyright © 2021 Bloody Disgusting, LLC



 