
 ‘Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire’ – Here’s the Full Official Image Gallery for This Month’s Return to New York City 
 “Bad Hair Day”: Original ‘The Crow’ Director Alex Proyas Shares His Thoughts on Reboot Images 
 Jason Blum Is Still Trying to Will a Blumhouse ‘Friday the 13th’ Movie into Existence 
 ‘Wolf Night’ – ‘Texas Chainsaw Massacre’ Filmmaker Jonathan Liebesman Directing “The Purge With Werewolves” 
 Vinegar Syndrome Launches ‘Dr. Terror’s House of Horrors’ on 4K Plus 14 New Partner Label Releases 
 “Tales From the Void” – First Look at SCREAMBOX Original Anthology Series Based on ‘NoSleep’ Stories! 
 “The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live” Finally Gives AMC’s Universe Good Viewership News Again 
 “The Bondsman” – Damon Herriman and More Join Kevin Bacon on Prime Video’s Horror Action Series 
 “Masters of Horror” Gave Us New Movies from the Best Horror Filmmakers of All Time [TV Terrors] 
 “The Last of Us” Season 2: Tati Gabrielle and More Cast as Video Game Characters 
 ‘Pacific Drive’ Review: Unique Survival Horror Driving Sim Takes You On a Road Trip from Hell 
 ‘Faceless After Dark’ Review – ‘Terrifier’ Star Jenna Kanell Slashes Toxic Fandom in Meta Horror Movie 
 Lifetime’s ‘Lonely Crime Fanatic’ Lacks Perspective on Our Obsession with True Crime [Review] 
 “The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live” Review – Rick Grimes Returns in Exceptional, Emotional Premiere 
 Tyler Perry’s Erotic Netflix Thriller ‘Mea Culpa’ Struggles with Tone [Review] 
 “Masters of Horror” Gave Us New Movies from the Best Horror Filmmakers of All Time [TV Terrors] 
 ‘Boxing Helena’ Deserves Love for Its Fearless Leading Duo [We Love ’90s Horror] 
 5 Deep Cut Horror Movies to Seek Out in March 2024 
 ‘The Butterfly Effect’ 20 Years Later: Exploring the Dark Side of Time Travel 
 ‘Helldivers 2’ Impressions: Bug Blasting Co-op Shooter Provides ‘Starship Troopers’-Inspired Thrills and Humor 
 Undaunted Games to Relaunch ‘Forest Hills: The Last Year’ Later This Year [Trailer] 
 Open World Survival Game ‘Terminator: Survivors’ Set For Release on October 24 [Trailer] 
 ‘UNFOLLOW’ Follow-up in ‘FOLLOW’ Announced for Later This Year [Trailer] 
 ‘Dino Crisis’-Inspired ‘Fossilfuel 2’ Out Now on Steam, Xbox Series 
 Kickstarter Launched for Dark Fantasy RPG ‘Heart: The City Beneath’ Campaign ‘Dagger in the Heart’ [Trailer] 
 Undaunted Games to Relaunch ‘Forest Hills: The Last Year’ Later This Year [Trailer] 
 ‘Pacific Drive’ Review: Unique Survival Horror Driving Sim Takes You On a Road Trip from Hell 
 Open World Survival Game ‘Terminator: Survivors’ Set For Release on October 24 [Trailer] 
 ‘UNFOLLOW’ Follow-up in ‘FOLLOW’ Announced for Later This Year [Trailer] 
 ‘Dino Crisis’-Inspired ‘Fossilfuel 2’ Out Now on Steam, Xbox Series 
 Published 
 on 
 By 
 On  November 15 , Machinima will bring audiences an all-new original animated series based on Jim Bonacci’s hit online video game  Happy Wheels . Produced by BMP Digital, the digital division of Bunim/Murray Productions (‘The Real World’, ‘Keeping Up With The Kardashians’), this nine-episode series expands upon the game that boasts more than 12 million players a month, over three billion “Let’s Play” video views, and more than five million user-generated levels as one of the top free play games in the App store over the two years. In featuring fan-favorites such as Wheelchair Guy, Irresponsible Dad and Lawnmower Man, the series will showcase the game’s notorious dark humor and penchant for blood and gore. 
 Fans of the game will have their first look at the animated series as Bloody Disgusting has unveiled the poster and official trailer. 
    
 Happy Wheels: The series drops November 15, only on  https://www.go90.com  
 Additionally, the voice talent for the digital series was announced. With millions of fans across the social landscape, the cast includes some of the most talented and recognizable voice actors and animators in the industry including: 
 o   CaptainSparklez, aka Jordan Maron, is a well-known YouTube personality specializing in  Minecraft  gameplay and themed music videos. (13.6M social followers) 
 o   Anna Brisbin, aka Brizzy Voices, is a popular online personality and voice over actress. Projects include: Machinima’s  FYI ,  Valet ,  Tenured , and  A Snow Globe Christmas .  (1.9M social followers) 
 o   Ryan McNulty (xRPMx13) is a well-known Minecrafter, playing  Minecraft Hunger Games  with CaptainSparklez, The BajanCandian and JeromeASF. His fans are good looking gamers and he is known as THE Incredibly Good Looking Gamer. (1.8M social followers) 
 o   Shanna Malcolm is an actress, and the well-known YouTube personality HeyYoShanna. Malcom has appeared in popular television series like  Glee  and  Shameless  and delivers hilariously unfiltered commentary on pop culture via her  Ghetto Gaming  series.   (1.2M social followers) 
 o   Best known for his YouTube series  The Nomad, Crafting with Noobs, and Only One Command,  Tyler Papas (LogDotZip) has one of the most popular  Minecrafters out there. (1.4M social followers) 
 o   Jerome Aceti (JeromeASF) is one of the most recognizable  Minecraft  players on YouTube. His disarming nature and goofiness has drawn a core audience of loyal followers, through a mix of collaborative gameplay videos and vlogs that document his real-life adventures. (6.6M social followers) 
 o   Ricky Hayberg is an actor, writer, producer and co-host of Machinima’s  ETC . (925K social followers) 
 o   Eliot Dewberry is an actor, writer and co-host of Machinima’s  ETC.  (925KM social followers) 
 o   Best known for his “Chocolate Rain’ viral video, Tay Zonday is a People’s Choice Award-Nominated, YouTube Award-Winning, Webby Award-Winning singer-songwriter, actor, voice talent, and brand spokesperson with more than 160 million video views on YouTube. (1.6M social followers) 
  Happy Wheels  will launch to a global audience on numerous platforms including  go90  (United States),  SkyQ  (U.K.),  AMC Iberia  (Spain and Portugal) and  Sohu  (China). 
  Happy Wheels  executive producers for BMP Digital are John P. Roberts and Gil Goldschein.  Kesila Childers is co-executive producer. 
  ABOUT HAPPY WHEELS: THE SERIES  
 Welcome to Happy Wheels, the most dangerous community on Earth. People are mangled everyday by traps, spikes, mines, cars, unsafe roads and hazards. But no one seems to notice. To reduce some of the carnage in town, five concerned citizens form a safety awareness committee but often fail with hilarious results. 
  ABOUT THE HAPPY WHEELS GAME  
 Launched during the summer of 2010,  Happy Wheels  is a side-scrolling, physics-based, obstacle course game with over a billion plays online. Players assume the role of an assortment of inadequately prepared racers and ignore severe consequences in a desperate search for victory. 
 Total app downloads: 14 million downloads 
   
   
 Horror movie fanatic who co-founded Bloody Disgusting in 2001. Producer on Southbound, V/H/S/2/3/94, SiREN, Under the Bed, and A Horrible Way to Die. Chicago-based. Horror, pizza and basketball connoisseur. Taco Bell daily. Franchise favs: Hellraiser, Child's Play, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Halloween, Scream and Friday the 13th. Horror 365 days a year. 
 Published 
 on 
 By 
 Writer/Director  Kiah Roache-Turner  will unleash arachnophobia-inducing terror this spring with spider creature feature   Sting  , and Bloody Disgusting can unveil an exclusive new clip that teases the monstrous arachnid in action. 
 Watch the clip and check out the new poster below. Be prepared to ask, “What the hell?” 
 Well Go USA releases the giant spider thriller in theaters on  April 12, 2024 . 
 While the clip below doesn’t reveal much of the giant spider horror just yet, know that the practical spider effects hail from 5-time Academy Award® Winner   Weta Workshop  , led by Creative Director  Richard Taylor  ( Blade Runner 2049, King Kong, The Lord of the Rings  Trilogy). 
  The film stars  Ryan Corr  ( House of the Dragon, The Water Diviner ),  Alyla Browne  ( Three Thousand Years of Longing,  Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga  ),  Penelope Mitchell  ( Hellboy ),  Robyn Nevin    (Relic, “ Wolf Like Me “ ),  Noni Hazlehurst  ( The End ) and  Jermaine Fowler  (  The Blackening  ). 
 In  Sting , “One cold, stormy night in New York City, a mysterious object falls from the sky and smashes through the window of a rundown apartment building. It is an egg, and from this egg emerges a strange little spider… 
 “The creature is discovered by Charlotte, a rebellious 12-year-old girl obsessed with comic books. Despite her stepfather Ethan’s best efforts to connect with her through their comic book co-creation Fang Girl, Charlotte feels isolated. Her mother and Ethan are distracted by their new baby and are struggling to cope, leaving Charlotte to bond with the spider. Keeping it as a secret pet, she names it Sting. 
 “As Charlotte’s fascination with Sting increases, so does its size. Growing at a monstrous rate, Sting’s appetite for blood becomes insatiable. Neighbours’ pets start to go missing, and then the neighbours themselves. Soon Charlotte’s family and the eccentric characters of the building realize that they are all trapped, hunted by a ravenous supersized arachnid with a taste for human flesh… and Charlotte is the only one who knows how to stop it.” 
 The film stemmed from Kiah Roache-Turner’s own extreme fear of spiders; his previous films include post-apocalyptic zombie thriller  Wyrmwood: Road of the Dead  (which premiered at Fantastic Fest), comedy sci-fi/horror  Nekrotronic , starring Monica Bellucci (which premiered at the TIFF in 2018), and action/horror sequel  Wyrmwood: Apocalypse  (winner of the Audience Award at the 2021 Sydney Film Festival) starring Luke McKenzie. 
      
   
 Copyright © 2021 Bloody Disgusting, LLC



 